[docs] added mirantis integrations (#17044)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/integrations/mirantis.md

---
title: Mirantis Kubernetes Engine
linkTitle: Mirantis
description: Mirantis
menu:
  preview_integrations:
    identifier: mirantis
    parent: integrations
    weight: 571
type: docs
---

[Mirantis Kubernetes Engine (MKE)](https://docs.mirantis.com/mke/3.5/overview.html) is a container orchestration platform for developing and running modern applications at scale, on private clouds, public clouds, and on bare metal.

> MKE as a container orchestration platform is specially beneficial in the following scenarios:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MKE as a container orchestration platform is especially beneficial in the following scenarios:
```

- Orchestrating more than one container
- Robust and scalable applications deployment
- Multi-tenant software offerings

> The following sections describe how to deploy a single node YugabyteDB cluster on Mirantis MKE using [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubectl/) and [helm](https://helm.sh/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sections describe how to deploy a single-node YugabyteDB cluster on Mirantis MKE using [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubectl/) and [helm](https://helm.sh/).
```

Reviewer: hyphens

> This page describes the steps for a single node cluster for the purpose of simplicity, as you require more than one machine/VM for a multi node cluster deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page describes the steps for a single-node cluster for the purpose of simplicity, as you require more than one machine/VM for a multi-node cluster deployment.
```

## Prerequisite

Before installing a single node YugabyteDB cluster, ensure that you have the Docker runtime installed on the host on which you are installing MKE. To download and install Docker, select one of the following environments:

<i class="fa-brands fa-apple" aria-hidden="true"></i> [Docker for Mac](https://store.docker.com/editions/community/docker-ce-desktop-mac)

<i class="fa-brands fa-centos"></i> [Docker for CentOS](https://store.docker.com/editions/community/docker-ce-server-centos)

<i class="fa-brands fa-ubuntu"></i> [Docker for Ubuntu](https://store.docker.com/editions/community/docker-ce-server-ubuntu)

<i class="icon-debian"></i> [Docker for Debian](https://store.docker.com/editions/community/docker-ce-server-debian)

## Install and configure Mirantis

1. Install MKE docker image as follows:

    ```sh
    docker image pull mirantis/ucp:3.5.8
    ```

    ```sh
    docker container run --rm -it --name ucp \
          -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \
          mirantis/ucp:3.5.8 install \
          --host-address <node-ip> \ // Replace <node-ip> with the IP address of your machine.
          --interactive
    ```

>     When prompted, enter the `username` and `password` that you want to set which will be used to access MKE web UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When prompted, enter the `username` and `password` that you want to set; these are used to access the MKE web UI.
```

1. Create a new storage class using the following steps:

    1. ​​Copy the following content to a file named `storage.yaml`:

        ```conf
        apiVersion: storage.k8s.io/v1
        kind: StorageClass
        metadata:
         name: yb-storage
        provisioner: kubernetes.io/no-provisioner
        volumeBindingMode: WaitForFirstConsumer
        ```

    1. Apply the configuration using the following command:

        ```sh
        kubectl apply -f storage.yaml
        ```

1. Make the new storage class default as follows:

    ```sh
    kubectl patch storageclass yb-storage -p '{"metadata": {"annotations":{"storageclass.kubernetes.io/is-default-class":"true"}}}'
    ```

1. Verify that the storage class is created using the following command:

    ```sh
    kubectl get storageclass
    ```

    ```output
    NAME                 PROVISIONER                   RECLAIMPOLICY   VOLUMEBINDINGMODE      ALLOWVOLUMEEXPANSION   AGE
    yb-storage(default)  kubernetes.io/no-provisioner  Delete          WaitForFirstConsumer   false                  23s
    ```

> 1. Create four [PersistentVolumes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes/) using the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create four [PersistentVolumes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes/)(PVs) using the following steps:
```

    1. Copy the following PersistentVolume configuration to a file `volume.yaml`:

        ```conf
        apiVersion: v1
        kind: PersistentVolume
        metadata:
          name: task-pv-volume1
          labels:
            type: local
        spec:
          storageClassName: yb-storage
          capacity:
            storage: 10Gi
          accessModes:
             - ReadWriteOnce
          hostPath:
            path: "/mnt/data"
        ```

    1. Apply the configuration using the following command:

        ```sh
        kubectl apply -f volume.yaml
        ```

>     1. Repeat the preceding two steps to create the remaining PersistentVolumes (PV) : `task-pv-volume2`, `task-pv-volume3`, and `task-pv-volume4` by changing the metadata name in `volume.yaml` for each volume.

Reviewer: acronym defined but not the first use and not used elsewhere

all these added PVs are added to the same volume.yaml file?

Author: I thought so . I actually had the same doubt. @HarshDaryani896 - can you clarify this please ?

Reviewer: so, change the metadata name and re-run the command on the same file, x3

>     1. Repeat the preceding two steps to create the remaining PersistentVolumes (PV) : `task-pv-volume2`, `task-pv-volume3`, and `task-pv-volume4` by changing the metadata name in `volume.yaml` for each volume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Repeat the preceding two steps to create the remaining PVs: `task-pv-volume2`, `task-pv-volume3`, and `task-pv-volume4` by changing the metadata name in `volume.yaml` for each volume.
```

---
title: Mirantis Kubernetes Engine
linkTitle: Mirantis
description: Mirantis
menu:
  preview_integrations:
    identifier: mirantis
    parent: integrations
    weight: 571
type: docs
---

[Mirantis Kubernetes Engine (MKE)](https://docs.mirantis.com/mke/3.5/overview.html) is a container orchestration platform for developing and running modern applications at scale, on private clouds, public clouds, and on bare metal.

MKE as a container orchestration platform is specially beneficial in the following scenarios:

- Orchestrating more than one container
- Robust and scalable applications deployment
- Multi-tenant software offerings

The following sections describe how to deploy a single node YugabyteDB cluster on Mirantis MKE using [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubectl/) and [helm](https://helm.sh/).

This page describes the steps for a single node cluster for the purpose of simplicity, as you require more than one machine/VM for a multi node cluster deployment.

## Prerequisite

> Before installing a single node YugabyteDB cluster using Mirantis, ensure that you have the Docker runtime installed on your localhost. To download and install Docker, select one of the following environments:

Reviewer 2: Rephrase `on your localhost.` to something like `on the host on which you are installing MKE.`

<i class="fa-brands fa-apple" aria-hidden="true"></i> [Docker for Mac](https://store.docker.com/editions/community/docker-ce-desktop-mac)

<i class="fa-brands fa-centos"></i> [Docker for CentOS](https://store.docker.com/editions/community/docker-ce-server-centos)

<i class="fa-brands fa-ubuntu"></i> [Docker for Ubuntu](https://store.docker.com/editions/community/docker-ce-server-ubuntu)

<i class="icon-debian"></i> [Docker for Debian](https://store.docker.com/editions/community/docker-ce-server-debian)

> <i class="fa-brands fa-windows" aria-hidden="true"></i> [Docker for Windows](https://store.docker.com/editions/community/docker-ce-desktop-windows)

Reviewer 2: Remove `Docker for Windows`
